[Music]
five simple tips to get perfect eyebrows
natural looking eyebrows are one of the
hottest beauty trends these days here
are some brilliant tips on how to make
your eyebrows look gorgeous without
wasting money on salons and makeup
artists don't miss our little bonus at
the end it will help you get amazing
results much quicker how to make your
eyebrows thicker don't worry if you
discover that your eyebrows don't meet
some standards or trends for thickness
before going to bed massage your
eyebrows for three to five minutes using
castor oil olive oil or almond oil for
faster hair growth
a healthy diet also works as magic on
your hair and your whole body include
fish especially salmon nuts raisins and
soy products in your diet to stimulate
hair growth and strengthen hair
follicles
[Music]
how to find the perfect eyebrow shape
round-faced
[Music]
if your face is round create as high in
arch as you can look for a brow shape
that follows a straight line to the peak
of the brow and stay away from a rounded
brow shape where a phase
[Music]
for a square face considered a curved
brow shape soft or hard angled shape
stay clear of thin and short brow shape
s-- heart-shaped face women with a
heart-shaped face should stick with a
low arch and rounded brow shape as it
creates a more natural look avoid a
highly arched brow as it adds length to
a shorter heart-shaped face oval face
[Music]
if you have an oval face choose a flat
and soft angled eyebrow shape these
should go straight up and then gently
curve around at the top how to draw
ideal eyebrows to identify three points
that you need to look at when shaping
your brow use the pencil method place a
pencil in a straight line along the side
of your nose that will be the beginning
of the brow next place the pencil along
your nose across your pupil this point
will be the arch and the highest part of
your brow now move the pencil so that
the end of your nostril and the outer
edge of your eye are in line there you
go this is the end of your brow how to
pluck eyebrows like a pro let's get
ready for the practical part take your
tweezers and start plucking these small
tips might come in handy
[Music]
good lighting make yourself comfortable
and have good lighting you need a high
quality pair of tweezers this essential
instrument has to be effective for
tweezing the eyebrow and grabbing the
hair IceCube run an ice cube over your
brows to reduce the redness swelling and
pain or simply apply some skin
moisturizer
[Music]
don't overdo plucking the area above the
brow be careful if you go too far and
over pluck it the brown will look
unnaturally thin after every few plucks
take a couple of steps back to evaluate
the result
[Music]
comb your eyebrows use a special brush
to comb your eyebrows also don't forget
to trim any hair that stick up above the
brow line with a pair of nail scissors
or eyebrow scissors how to fill in
eyebrows the most challenging part is to
fill in the eyebrows so that they look
natural if your brows are lighter than
your hair color color them with a
special eyebrow dye the color of your
eyebrows should be very close to the
tone of your hair if you choose a color
that is a couple of tones darker than
your hair your eyebrows will look
unnatural just like this you can fill in
your eyebrows using a pencil eyebrow
powder or brow mascara a pencil helps
you create a more natural look and
conceal sparseness using brow powder you
can get thicker eyebrows brow mascara is
a must-have for those with rebellious
thick eyebrows
[Music]
finally here's our bonus the basic steps
to get perfect eyebrows no matter which
filling instrument you're using one use
an eyebrow brush to lightly brush brow
hairs line the bottom curve of the brow
and fill in the hairless spots to make
the tail of your brow if needed and
outline the top and bottom edges of your
brow be careful with the margins of your
natural brow shape don't apply too much
color especially near the bridge of the
nose
3 if you want a brow shape to look
well-defined highlight the skin between
the eyebrow and the eyelid first apply a
few drops of concealer and blend
thoroughly then apply highlighter under
the eyebrow and you're good to go
[Music]
you now have nicely shaped gorgeous
eyebrows with this video beneficial to
you then hit the like button below and
don't forget to click subscribe to get
more useful beauty tricks
[Music]